OSDOCS-13191#Resizing recovery (#91198)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-resizing-overview.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-resizing.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="persistent-storage-csi-resizing-overview_{context}"]
= Overview of CSI volume resizing

> To resize a volume, you do not have to manually interact with the storage back end or delete and recreate persistent volumes (PVs) and persistent volume claims (PVCs). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resize a volume, you do not have to manually interact with the storage back end or delete and re-create persistent volumes (PVs) and persistent volume claims (PVCs). 
```

> Shrinking persistent volumes is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shrinking PVs is not supported.
```
